hi guys in this video I'm going to be
showing you how to get VMware fusion pro
7 for free on Mac so the first thing you
want to do is you want to go to the link
in the description this link will be in
the description so go ahead and click
that link in the description and open it
in your web browser preferred web
browser go ahead if you need to do this
go ahead and type in the authorize the
download and go ahead and hit download
the file is about 335 while it downloads
335 megabytes so go ahead and download
that and I'll be back once this has
finished downloading okay guys so that's
my download finished and so what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to drag it
onto my desktop my this is this so what
you want to do is as you can see it is a
zip file you want to double click the
zip file and it will unzip and then have
a folder called VMware fusion pro 7 go
ahead and open that folder ok so here is
the program and here is the keys so
you're going to mine the dmg program and
what you want to do is when this pops up
you want to double click to install a
open type in your password
and now you will be asked for a product
key so now go back into the VMware
fusion pro 7 folder and open the keys
document so here are five keys that you
can choose from I'm just going to choose
this one copy that
I'm going to go back in here and I'm
going to paste as you can see we have a
tech identifying with this key works ok
continue type in your password once more
I recommend you on the tech this and hit
done and there you go you now have a
working copy of VMware Fusion 407 as you
can see it's fun to my applications and
as you can see I have a working version
of fusion pro 7 so that's all there is
to this video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I'll see you the next video I make
don't forget to subscribe if this helped
you